my dad says we don't live in america
we live in texas
i got narcos and smugglers on my
property every day
drugs and guns in our backyard
saving the ranch is not your job this is
our home
get the hell off our land i don't want
to lose it
we're just passing by we want to trouble
[Music]
is
this ain't fair they were on our land he
shot a boy in the back
hey hey
how dare you chase our son off mexico
like he's some criminal
things can get a lot worse tell him to
come home
no father should bury his son
my father
[Applause]
sometimes you have to close your eyes
and start over
to see things clearly
[Music]
i don't know if i can fix what i did
down here
what
[Music]
you